Add preventNamespace, move defaultNamespace and mergeNamespace to separate files (#142)
lundegaard/redux-tools: docs/packages/namespaces.md

getStateByNamespace('namespaces', 'foo', state); // { value: 'bar' }
```

### preventNamespace()

> Associates an action with a default namespace, overwriting any previous namespace..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Associates an action with a "global" namespace, ensuring that this action's namespace won't be overwritten by any namespaced injectables.
```

**Arguments**

> 1. `action` ( _Action_ ): Action to default the namespace of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `action` ( _Action_ ): Action to prevent the namespace of.
```

Author: done
